Revamp troubleshooting docs (#24293)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/syntax/Mesh/index.md

appended to the input file name.  You can also optionally provide a mesh filename to
write out using `--mesh-only output_file.e`. When using the `--mesh-only` option, by default any extra element integers
defined on the mesh will also be outputted to the output Exodus file. To prevent extra element ids from being

> outputted, the parameter `output_extra_element_ids` should be set to `false` in the `[Outputs]` block of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output, the parameter `output_extra_element_ids` should be set to `false` in the `[Outputs]` block of the
```

Mesh meta data can be useful for setting up specific postprocessors, kernels, etc. that require certain geometry information.
Mesh meta data are not possible or extremely hard to be derived directly from libMesh mesh object.
A simple example of mesh meta data is the `num_elements_x` provided by [GeneratedMeshGenerator](GeneratedMeshGenerator.md), which can be used as an indicator for a mesh regular in x direction.

## Debugging in-MOOSE mesh generation id=troubleshooting

!alert note
The MOOSE mesh generation [tutorial](tutorial04_meshing/index.md optional=true) is the most comprehensive learning resource on meshing in MOOSE. We summarize here
only a few techniques.

Mesh generation in MOOSE is a sequential tree-based process. Mesh generators are executed sorted by dependencies,
and the output of each generator may be fed to multiple other generators. To succeed in this process, you must decompose

> the creation of the mesh in many individual steps. The two main tools to debug this process are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the creation of the mesh into many individual steps. To debug this process, one can:
```

> - use the `show_info(=true)` input parameter on each mesh generator. This will output numerous metadata about the mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use the `show_info(=true)` input parameter on each mesh generator. This will output numerous pieces of metadata about the mesh
```

  at each stage of the generation process. You can check there if all the subdomains that you expected at this stage
  are present in the mesh, and if they are of the expected size in terms of number of elements but also bounding box.
- use the `output` input parameter on the mesh generator right before the problematic stage. This will output the mesh,
  by default using the [Exodus.md] format with the name `<mesh_generator_name>_in.e`, so you may visualize it
  before it gets acted upon by the next mesh generator(s).

## Examining meshes id=examination

The results of finite element/volume simulations are highly dependent on the quality of the mesh(es) used.
It happens regularly that results are excellent and meeting all predictions using a regular Cartesian grid mesh,
but significantly deteriorate or do not converge on the real system mesh, often created outside MOOSE.

> We point out in this section a few  to look for.

Author: ```suggestion
We point out in this section a few things to look for.
```

> - sidesets in MOOSE are oriented. If you place a Neumann/flux boundary condition on a sideset, the direction of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sidesets in MOOSE are oriented. If you place a Neumann/flux boundary condition on a sideset, the direction of
```
